accidental, unintended
accurate, precise
add, include
advance, progress
afraid, scared
allow, permit
already, previously
also, too
always, constantly
ancient, old
angry, furious
announce, declare
answer, respond
anxious, worried
apparent, obvious
apply, use
argue, debate
arise, occur
arrange, organize
arrive, reach
assume, presume
attempt, try
attend, participate
attention, focus
attribute, characteristic
avoid, evade
aware, conscious
bad, evil
bag, container
balance, equilibrium
beautiful, attractive
begin, start
belief, faith
benefit, advantage
best, optimal
betrayal, deception
better, superior
between, among
bind, attach
bit, piece
blame, fault
blend, mix
block, obstruct
blood, crimson
blow, strike
body, physical
boil, heat
bold, brave
born, origin
bottom, base
bound, restricted
brave, courageous
bread, loaf
break, fracture
briefly, momentarily
bright, luminous
bring, carry
broken, shattered
build, construct
burden, weight
busy, occupied
buy, purchase
call, summon
calm, tranquil
capable, able
capital, wealth
capture, seize
care, attention
case, instance
casual, informal
cause, reason
certain, definite
chain, link
challenge, test
chance, opportunity
change, alter
character, nature
charge, accuse
cheap, inexpensive
check, verify
choice, option
circle, round
city, urban
claim, assert
clean, pure
clear, evident
clever, intelligent
climb, ascend
close, near
closed, sealed
clothes, garments
cloud, mist
code, cipher
collect, gather
color, hue
comfort, solace
command, order
common, ordinary
company, corporation
compare, contrast
compete, rival
complain, grumble
complete, finish
complex, intricate
concentrate, focus
conclusion, result
condition, state
conduct, behavior
confident, assured
confine, restrict
conflict, clash
connect, link
conscious, aware
consider, reflect
consume, use
contain, hold
continue, persist
contract, agreement
contrast, difference
control, regulate
convenience, ease
convince, persuade
copy, duplicate
core, center
correct, right
corrupt, immoral
cost, expense
count, enumerate
couple, pair
courage, bravery
cover, conceal
crack, crevice
create, produce
crime, felony
crisis, emergency
critical, essential
cross, intersect
crowd, multitude
cruel, heartless
crush, compress
cry, weep
culture, civilization
curious, inquisitive
current, present
curse, condemn
custom, tradition
cut, divide
damage, harm
dare, challenge
dark, gloomy
data, information
daughter, female
day, daylight
dead, lifeless
deal, transaction
death, demise
debate, discuss
debt, liability
decay, deteriorate
decide, determine
decline, decrease
deep, profound
defense, shield
define, describe
delay, postpone
deliver, provide
demand, require
demonstrate, show
deny, reject
depart, leave
depend, rely
depict, represent
deplorable, abhorrent
depressed, gloomy
desire, want
destroy, demolish
detail, specificity
detect, discover
determined, resolute
develop, evolve
die, perish
difference, contrast
difficult, challenging
dig, excavate
digital, electronic
diligent, industrious
dim, faint
direction, course
dirty, filthy
disability, impairment
disappear, vanish
discard, dispose
discover, uncover
discuss, debate
disease, illness
disgrace, shame
disguise, conceal
dismiss, ignore
disorder, chaos
display, exhibit
disrupt, disturb
distinct, separate
distribute, allocate
disturb, upset
diverse, varied
divide, split
document, record
dog, canine
doubt, uncertainty
draft, sketch
drain, deplete
draw, sketch
dream, fantasy
dress, garment
drink, beverage
drive, compel
drop, fall
drown, submerge
dull, boring
dump, discard
duty, obligation
eager, enthusiastic
early, premature
earn, acquire
ease, comfort
edge, border
educate, teach
effect, result
effort, exertion
either, or
elate, delight
electric, electronic
elegant, refined
element, component
embarrass, shame
emotion, feeling
employ, use
empty, void
enable, allow
encounter, meet
energetic, lively
engage, participate
enjoy, appreciate
enormous, gigantic
enough, sufficient
enrage, infuriate
ensure, guarantee
enter, access
environment, surroundings
equal, equivalent
equipment, gear
erase, delete
error, mistake
escape, flee
establish, create
esteem, respect
evaluate, assess
event, occurrence
eventually, ultimately
evidence, proof
evil, malicious
evolve, develop
exact, precise
examine, inspect
exceed, surpass
excellent, superb
except, exclude
excess, surplus
excite, stimulate
excuse, justify
execute, perform
exempt, exclude
exercise, activity
exhaust, deplete
exist, be
expand, extend
expect, anticipate
expensive, costly
experience, encounter
experiment, trial
expert, authority
explain, clarify
explore, investigate
expose, reveal
extend, prolong
external, outside
extreme, excessive
face, confront
fact, reality
fail, collapse
faith, belief
fall, descend
false, incorrect
fame, reputation
familiar, known
family, relatives
fantasy, imagination
far, distant
fast, rapid
fate, destiny
fear, dread
feature, characteristic
feed, nourish
feel, sense
female, woman
fertile, productive
few, fewer
fierce, intense
fight, combat
file, record
fill, occupy
final, ultimate
finance, money
find, discover
fine, delicate
finish, complete
firm, steadfast
first, initial
fit, suitable
fix, repair
flag, signal
flame, fire
flawed, defective
flee, escape
flexible, adaptable
flow, current
flower, blossom
fluid, liquid
focus, concentrate
follow, pursue
food, nourishment
fool, deceive
force, power
forecast, predict
foreign, alien
forever, eternal
forge, construct
forget, overlook
forgive, pardon
form, shape
formal, official
fortune, wealth
forward, ahead
fought, battled
found, discover
fragile, delicate
frame, structure
free, liberate
friend, companion
fright, terror
from, away
front, face
fruit, produce
fuel, energy
full, complete
function, purpose
fundamental, basic
future, upcoming
gain, acquire
game, sport
gap, space
garment, clothing
gas, vapor
gate, entrance
gather, collect
gaze, look
gentle, mild
gesture, movement
get, obtain
gift, present
give, provide
glad, happy
glance, look
glorious, magnificent
goal, aim
god, divine
good, beneficial
govern, rule
grace, elegance
grant, provide
grasp, comprehend
grave, serious
great, outstanding
greed, avarice
green, emerald
grieve, mourn
grip, hold
ground, earth
group, cluster
grow, expand
guarantee, assure
guard, protect
guide, lead
guilty, culpable
handle, manage
happen, occur
happiness, joy
harbor, shelter
harm, damage
harsh, severe
hate, detest
have, possess
hazard, danger
head, lead
heal, cure
health, wellbeing
hear, listen
heart, core
heat, warm
heaven, paradise
heavy, ponderous
help, aid
here, present
hesitate, pause
hide, conceal
high, elevated
history, past
hold, grasp
honest, truthful
honor, respect
hope, desire
horror, terror
host, entertain
human, person
humble, modest
humor, comedy
hurry, rush
hurt, injure
idea, concept
identify, recognize
ignore, disregard
illegal, unlawful
illness, disease
image, picture
imagine, conceive
imitate, mimic
immediate, instant
impatient, restless
implement, apply
important, significant
impose, force
improve, enhance
inability, weakness
incentive, motivation
include, comprise
increase, expand
indicate, show
individual, person
industry, commerce
inevitable, certain
influence, sway
inform, notify
injury, harm
innocent, guiltless
innovative, novel
input, data
inspect, examine
inspire, motivate
install, set up
instance, example
instant, moment
instinct, intuition
instrument, tool
insult, offend
integrate, combine
intelligent, clever
intense, severe
intention, aim
interest, fascination
internal, inner
interpret, explain
interrupt, disturb
introduce, present
invent, create
investigate, examine
invite, summon
involve, include
isolated, alone
issue, problem
item, object
joy, happiness
judge, assess
jump, leap
justice, fairness
keep, maintain
key, essential
kill, slay
kind, type
king, ruler
kiss, caress
knit, connect
knowledge, understanding
label, identify
labor, work
lack, shortage
language, speech
large, immense
last, final
late, delayed
laugh, chuckle
law, rule
layer, level
lead, guide
leaf, foliage
learn, study
least, minimal
leave, depart
left, remaining
legal, lawful
legend, myth
lend, provide
length, distance
less, fewer
lesson, teaching
let, allow
level, even
liberal, open
lie, deceive
life, existence
lift, raise
light, bright
limit, restrict
line, row
link, connect
liquid, fluid
list, catalog
listen, hear
little, small
live, exist
load, burden
local, regional
locate, find
log, record
lonely, isolated
long, extended
look, gaze
loose, free
lose, misplace
loud, noisy
love, adore
loyal, faithful
luck, fortune
lump, mass
machine, device
mad, crazy
magic, supernatural
maintain, preserve
major, principal
make, create
male, man
manage, control
manifest, display
manufacture, produce
margin, border
mark, sign
market, commerce
marriage, wedlock
mask, disguise
mass, quantity
master, expert
material, substance
matter, issue
mature, developed
may, might
mean, intend
measure, assess
meat, flesh
media, communication
medical, health
meet, encounter
melt, liquefy
memory, recollection
mention, refer
mercy, compassion
merely, simply
method, way
middle, center
might, power
mild, gentle
military, armed
mind, intellect
mineral, element
minimal, least
minimum, least
minor, small
miracle, wonder
misfortune, calamity
miss, lose
mistake, error
mix, blend
mobile, portable
mode, manner
model, prototype
moderate, average
modern, current
modest, humble
moment, instant
money, currency
monitor, observe
month, lunar
moral, ethical
more, additional
morning, dawn
mortal, deadly
mother, parent
motion, movement
motivate, inspire
move, transport
much, plentiful
multiply, increase
muscle, tissue
music, melody
must, required
mysterious, enigmatic
narrow, limited
native, indigenous
natural, innate
nature, essence
necessary, essential
need, require
negative, bad
neglect, disregard
negotiate, bargain
neighbor, adjacent
network, system
never, not
new, novel
next, following
niece, relative
night, darkness
nine, numeral
noble, honorable
noise, sound
normal, typical
northern, arctic
note, mark
notice, observe
novel, new
number, numeral
numerous, many
nurse, caregiver
obey, comply
object, item
observe, watch
obtain, acquire
occur, happen
odd, strange
offer, provide
office, workplace
often, frequently
old, ancient
omit, exclude
once, formerly
oneself, self
only, solely
open, accessible
operate, function
opinion, view
opponent, adversary
opportunity, chance
oppose, resist
option, choice
order, command
ordinary, common
organ, body part
orient, position
origin, source
other, additional
outcome, result
outer, external
outline, describe
output, product
outside, external
over, above
overcome, defeat
own, possess
pain, anguish
paint, color
pair, couple
palace, mansion
pale, faint
pan, container
paper, document
pardon, forgive
parent, guardian
part, component
participate, join
particular, specific
partner, companion
pass, proceed
passion, emotion
path, route
patient, calm
pattern, design
pause, stop
pay, provide
peace, calm
penalty, punishment
people, population
perceive, observe
perfect, flawless
perform, execute
perhaps, maybe
period, duration
permit, allow
person, individual
persuade, convince
pet, companion
phenomenon, event
philosophy, wisdom
physical, bodily
pick, select
picture, image
piece, part
pile, heap
pinch, grip
pity, compassion
place, location
plan, scheme
plant, vegetation
plastic, artificial
play, perform
pleasant, agreeable
plenty, abundant
plot, diagram
plunge, dive
pocket, container
point, tip
poison, toxin
policy, plan
political, civic
poor, destitute
popular, well-liked
porch, entrance
possess, own
possible, potential
postpone, delay
poverty, destitution
power, strength
practice, apply
praise, commend
precede, come before
predict, forecast
prefer, choose
prepare, ready
present, offer
preserve, maintain
press, force
pretend, feign
prevent, stop
price, cost
pride, vanity
primary, main
print, publish
prison, jail
private, personal
problem, issue
procedure, method
proceed, advance
process, method
produce, create
profit, gain
program, plan
progress, advance
prohibit, forbid
project, plan
promise, assure
promote, advance
property, asset
propose, suggest
protect, shield
proud, arrogant
prove, demonstrate
provide, give
public, common
punish, penalize
purchase, buy
pure, clean
purpose, goal
pursue, chase
push, compel
put, place
quality, excellence
quantity, amount
quick, fast
quiet, silent
quit, leave
race, course
radiant, brilliant
rain, downpour
raise, lift
range, extent
rank, status
rapid, swift
rare, unusual
rate, speed
reach, attain
read, comprehend
ready, prepared
real, actual
reason, logic
receive, get
recent, latest
recognize, identify
recommend, suggest
record, document
recover, regain
red, crimson
reduce, lessen
refer, mention
reflect, ponder
reform, improve
refuse, reject
regard, consider
region, area
register, record
regret, remorse
regular, usual
reject, refuse
relate, connect
relax, rest
release, free
relevant, pertinent
reliable, trustworthy
remain, stay
remark, comment
remember, recall
remote, distant
remove, take away
renew, restore
rent, lease
repair, fix
repeat, do again
replace, substitute
reply, respond
represent, depict
reproduce, copy
request, ask
require, need
rescue, save
research, study
resemble, look like
reserve, retain
reside, live
resist, oppose
resolve, settle
resource, supply
respect, esteem
respond, answer
rest, relax
restore, repair
restrict, limit
result, outcome
retain, keep
retire, withdraw
retreat, withdraw
return, come back
reveal, show
reverse, opposite
review, examine
revise, change
reward, prize
rhythm, pattern
rich, affluent
ride, travel
right, correct
rigid, firm
ring, circle
risk, danger
rival, opponent
road, route
roar, shout
rob, steal
rock, stone
role, function
romance, love
roof, cover
room, space
root, base
rough, coarse
round, circular
route, path
rub, scrub
ruin, destroy
rule, govern
run, operate
safe, secure
sail, voyage
salad, vegetable
salt, mineral
same, identical
sample, specimen
sanctuary, refuge
sand, granule
sap, fluid
satisfy, fulfill
save, rescue
scale, size
scan, examine
scar, mark
scatter, disperse
scene, setting
schedule, plan
science, knowledge
scope, range
scream, shout
screen, display
search, seek
season, period
seat, chair
second, next
secret, hidden
secure, protect
see, observe
seed, germ
seek, search
seem, appear
seldom, rarely
select, choose
self, person
sell, trade
send, transmit
sense, perceive
separate, divide
sequence, order
series, set
serve, assist
set, arrange
settle, resolve
severe, intense
sew, stitch
shadow, darkness
